### Errors

remeda/v2/src/add.ts - add
remeda/v2/src/addProp.ts - addProp
remeda/v2/src/chunk.ts - chunk
remeda/v2/src/clone.ts - clone
remeda/v2/src/concat.ts - concat
remeda/v2/src/conditional.ts - conditional
remeda/v2/src/debounce.ts - debounce
remeda/v2/src/difference.ts - difference
remeda/v2/src/differenceWith.ts - differenceWith
remeda/v2/src/doNothing.ts - doNothing
remeda/v2/src/drop.ts - drop
remeda/v2/src/dropFirstBy.ts - dropFirstBy
remeda/v2/src/dropLast.ts - dropLast
remeda/v2/src/dropLastWhile.ts - dropLastWhile
remeda/v2/src/dropWhile.ts - dropWhile
remeda/v2/src/entries.ts - entries
remeda/v2/src/evolve.ts - evolve
remeda/v2/src/filter.ts - filter
remeda/v2/src/find.ts - find
remeda/v2/src/findLast.ts - findLast
remeda/v2/src/findLastIndex.ts - findLastIndex
remeda/v2/src/first.ts - first
remeda/v2/src/firstBy.ts - firstBy
remeda/v2/src/flat.ts - flat
remeda/v2/src/flatMap.ts - flatMap
remeda/v2/src/forEach.ts - forEach
remeda/v2/src/forEachObj.ts - forEachObj
remeda/v2/src/fromEntries.ts - fromEntries
remeda/v2/src/fromKeys.ts - fromKeys
remeda/v2/src/groupBy.ts - groupBy
remeda/v2/src/hasAtLeast.ts - hasAtLeast
remeda/v2/src/hasSubObject.ts - hasSubObject
remeda/v2/src/identity.ts - identity
remeda/v2/src/indexBy.ts - indexBy
remeda/v2/src/internal/withPrecision.ts - withPrecision
remeda/v2/src/intersection.ts - intersection
remeda/v2/src/intersectionWith.ts - intersectionWith
remeda/v2/src/invert.ts - invert
remeda/v2/src/isDeepEqual.ts - isDeepEqual
remeda/v2/src/isIncludedIn.ts - isIncludedIn
remeda/v2/src/isObjectType.ts - isObjectType
remeda/v2/src/join.ts - Joined
remeda/v2/src/join.ts - join
remeda/v2/src/keys.ts - keys
remeda/v2/src/last.ts - last
remeda/v2/src/map.ts - map
remeda/v2/src/mapKeys.ts - mapKeys
remeda/v2/src/mapValues.ts - mapValues
remeda/v2/src/mapWithFeedback.ts - mapWithFeedback
remeda/v2/src/mergeAll.ts - mergeAll
remeda/v2/src/mergeDeep.ts - mergeDeep
remeda/v2/src/nthBy.ts - nthBy
remeda/v2/src/objOf.ts - objOf
remeda/v2/src/omitBy.ts - omitBy
remeda/v2/src/only.ts - only
remeda/v2/src/partition.ts - partition
remeda/v2/src/pick.ts - pick
remeda/v2/src/pickBy.ts - pickBy
remeda/v2/src/pipe.ts - LazyDefinition
remeda/v2/src/pipe.ts - LazyEvaluator
remeda/v2/src/pipe.ts - LazyResult
remeda/v2/src/pipe.ts - pipe
remeda/v2/src/product.ts - product
remeda/v2/src/prop.ts - prop
remeda/v2/src/prop.ts - propImplementation
remeda/v2/src/pullObject.ts - pullObject
remeda/v2/src/range.ts - range
remeda/v2/src/rankBy.ts - rankBy
remeda/v2/src/reverse.ts - reverse
remeda/v2/src/sample.ts - sample
remeda/v2/src/set.ts - set
remeda/v2/src/setPath.ts - setPath
remeda/v2/src/setPath.ts - setPathImplementation
remeda/v2/src/shuffle.ts - shuffle
remeda/v2/src/sort.ts - sort
remeda/v2/src/sortBy.ts - sortBy
remeda/v2/src/splice.ts - splice
remeda/v2/src/sum.ts - sum
remeda/v2/src/sumBy.ts - sumBy
remeda/v2/src/swapIndices.ts - swapIndices
remeda/v2/src/swapProps.ts - swapProps
remeda/v2/src/take.ts - take
remeda/v2/src/takeFirstBy.ts - takeFirstBy
remeda/v2/src/takeLast.ts - takeLast
remeda/v2/src/takeLastWhile.ts - takeLastWhile
remeda/v2/src/takeWhile.ts - takeWhile
remeda/v2/src/tap.ts - tap
remeda/v2/src/times.ts - times
remeda/v2/src/unique.ts - unique
remeda/v2/src/uniqueBy.ts - uniqueBy
remeda/v2/src/uniqueWith.ts - uniqueWith
remeda/v2/src/values.ts - values
remeda/v2/src/zip.ts - zip
remeda/v2/src/zipWith.ts - zipWith

### Warnings

remeda/v2/src/isEmpty.ts - isEmpty
remeda/v2/src/isPromise.ts - isPromise

### Tests Errors

src/chunk.test.ts:2
src/filter.test.ts:68
src/firstBy.test.ts:1
src/flat.test.ts:2
src/forEachObj.test.ts:43
src/fromKeys.test.ts:174
src/groupBy.test.ts:1
src/hasSubObject.test.ts:74
src/internal/purryFromLazy.test.ts:6
src/isDefined.test.ts:15
src/isNonNull.test.ts:15
src/isNonNullish.test.ts:15
src/isNot.test.ts:17
src/isObjectType.test.ts:81
src/product.test.ts:59
src/pullObject.test.ts:177
src/sample.test.ts:1

### Analysis

93 BC Errors
2 BC Warnings
17 Test Errors

TP - 16
FP - 77
FN - 1
