### Errors

formatjs/v2/packages/cli-lib/src/formatters/crowdin.ts - SmartlingJson
formatjs/v2/packages/cli-lib/src/formatters/crowdin.ts - compile
formatjs/v2/packages/cli-lib/src/formatters/crowdin.ts - format
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/IsSanctionedSimpleUnitIdentifier.ts - SANCTIONED_UNITS
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/ComputeExponent.ts - ComputeExponent
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/ComputeExponentForMagnitude.ts - ComputeExponentForMagnitude
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/FormatApproximately.ts - FormatApproximately
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/FormatNumericToString.ts - FormatNumericToString
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/PartitionNumberPattern.ts - PartitionNumberPattern
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/SetNumberFormatUnitOptions.ts - SetNumberFormatUnitOptions
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/ToRawFixed.ts - ToRawFixed
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/ToRawPrecision.ts - ToRawPrecision
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/NumberFormat/format_to_parts.ts - formatToParts
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/types/number.ts - NumberFormatDigitInternalSlots
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/types/number.ts - NumberFormatInternal
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/types/number.ts - RawNumberFormatResult
formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/utils.ts - getMagnitude
formatjs/v2/packages/icu-messageformat-parser/types.ts - TagElement
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-datetimeformat/src/data/all-tz.ts
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-localematcher/abstract/languageMatching.ts - data
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-messageformat/src/core.ts - IntlMessageFormat
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-pluralrules/abstract/ResolvePlural.ts - ResolvePlural
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-pluralrules/index.ts - PluralRules
formatjs/v2/packages/intl-segmenter/src/cldr-segmentation-rules.generated.ts - SegmentationRules
formatjs/v2/packages/intl/src/dateTime.ts - formatDateTimeRange

### Warnings

formatjs/v2/packages/ecma402-abstract/index.ts - './utils'

### Test

test/Lazy/map.spec.ts

### Analysis

23 BC Errors
1 BC Warnings
1 Test Errors

TP - 0
FP - 23
FN - 1
